Add preview information about the coming changes to Apollo Server (#80)
apollographql/apollo-studio-community: preview-docs/server-studio-tools.md

# The future of Apollo Server developer tooling

This document outlines details on some coming changes to Apollo Server related to the embedded GraphQL Playground.

## tldr: the short version

> In a coming version of Apollo Server we will change the default behavior of Apollo Server in non-production mode
> to stop serving the embedded version of GraphQL Playground by default and provide easier ways to connect your
> server to the free developer tooling in Apollo Studio.

Reviewer: Maybe we could feather a bit of context in to the `tldr;`?

```suggestion
Apollo Server has been running GraphQL Playground in non-production environments by default for years to make it easy and convenient for you to query your graph. Apollo does not maintain Playground though –– it is a separate project and has been unmaintained for a while now. Last year, we built a GraphQL Query IDE into Apollo Studio that is significantly more powerful than Playground and fully maintained by the Apollo team.

In a coming version of Apollo Server we will change the default behavior of Apollo Server in non-production mode
to stop serving the embedded version of GraphQL Playground by default and provide easier ways to connect your
server to the free developer tooling in Apollo Studio instead. It will still be easy to configure Apollo Server to run with Playground, GraphiQL, or any other choice of a GraphQL Query IDE.
```

## A brief history of tooling in Apollo Server

> One of the great things about GraphQL is that exploring and querying any GraphQL server can be done from the schema alone. Apollo Server has come "out of the box" with GraphQL Playground to make it simple to query your server easily. Over the years we've found GraphQL Playground to be useful, but limiting. In addition, one of our goals for the upcoming releases of Apollo Server is to decouple our dependencies on outside libraries. The version of Playground we are using is outdated, so we started evaluating what changes we could make in the future to keep the tooling that ships free with Apollo Server as good as we could make it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the great things about GraphQL is that exploring and querying any GraphQL server can be done from the schema alone. Apollo Server has come "out of the box" with GraphQL Playground to make it simple to query your server easily for many years. Over that time, we've found GraphQL Playground to be useful but limiting. In the last two years, the GraphQL Playground project has also largely become unmaintained. In addition, one of our goals for the upcoming major release of Apollo Server is to decouple our dependencies on outside libraries. The version of Playground we are using is outdated, so we started evaluating what changes we could make in the future to keep the tooling that ships free with Apollo Server as good as we could make it.
```
